add docs for hcl2_upgrade command (#10095)
hashicorp/packer: website/pages/guides/hcl/from-json-v1.mdx

@include 'guides/hcl2-beta-note.mdx'

As of v1.6.4, Packer provides a tool to help you convert legacy JSON files to
HCL2 files. To run it, you can use the `hcl2_upgrade` command.

for example,

```sh
packer hcl2_upgrade mytemplate.json
```

> will convert your packer template to a new2 hcl file in your current working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will convert your packer template to a new HCL2 file in your current working
```

### Deprecation

> As we become more confident in the new templates, we may begin to add new

Reviewer: The diff is showing errors here. It looks like there is a missing closing bracket in the above JSON and a missing closing brace in the HCL example.
